docs(parser): consolidate parser docs into one sidebar section, merge per-stage pages (#10289)
ai-dynamo/dynamo: docs/parser-configuration.md

> | Chat processor | Parser flag(s) and where they go | Parses with | Disaggregated serving | Backends |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Parser Implementation | Parser flag(s) and where they go | Parses with | Disaggregated serving | Backends |
```

Author: done in 21a0b22e.
